Goal: Be the first player to have 10 or more cards in your Score Pile.

CARDS
The front and the back of the cards in this game have an important connection:
The front of each card contains a character with a single color.
The back of each card shows three different colors.
The color of the character on the front (the white side of the card) is always one of the three colors on the back (black side of the card).

SETUP
Shuffle the whole deck and then deal out 4 cards face up (white side) to each player. The collection of cards in front of each player is called
their Tank. Keep the cards in your Tank face up (white side). If any of
the cards in your Tank have the same colored character, put them in
a spread-out stack so that you can see how many cards are in a stack
Take the rest of the deck PLAYER 1
(the cards you haven’t
dealt out) and put it face
down (black side) in the
middle of the table. This is
the Draw Pile.
Each player should also
leave some room for a
Score Pile.
Pick a player to go first
and proceed clockwise
around the table.

GAMEPLAY
On your turn, DO NOT TOUCH the top card in the Draw Pile until you
decide to either Try to Score or Try to Steal:
Score:
Take the top card of the
Draw Pile and turn it over in
your Tank. If the character
color on the white side
matches any of the characters
already in your Tank, move all
the characters of that color
(including the one you just
turned over) into your Score
Pile, and your turn is over.
If it does not match, just leave
the card in your Tank, and your
turn is over
Note: Trying to score is the only
way to move cards into
your Score Pile.

Steal: 
Take the top card of the
Draw Pile and turn it over in
another player’s Tank. If the
character color on the white
side matches any of the
characters already in their
Tank, move all the characters
of that color (including the one
you just turned over) into your
Tank, and your turn is over.
If it does not match, just leave
the card in the other player’s
Tank, and your turn is over.
Note: Successfully stealing moves
cards into your Tank, NOT into
your Score Pile.

When your turn is over, advance clockwise to the next player.

SHOULD I TRY TO SCORE OR STEAL?
Because you know the color of the character on the front (the
white side of the card) is one of the three colors on the back (the
black side of the card), you can make smart decisions about trying
to Score or Steal and which of the players to try to steal from.

SCORE PILES
All the cards in your Score Pile should be face down (black side),
but you must share the number (not the color) of cards in your pile
with any player who asks.

WINNING
The first player to have 10 or more cards in their Score Pile wins. The
color of the cards does not matter.
WHAT IF WE RUN OUT OF CARDS?
If you have no cards in your Tank, there is no special action to take.
Just keep playing and try to gain some cards on your next turn.
In the rare situation in which the Draw Pile runs out, the player
with the most cards in their Score Pile wins. If you have the same
number of cards in your Score Pile, the player who has the most
cards in their Tank wins.
2 PLAYER GAME
Play to 15 cards in your Score Pile instead of 10. If you choose to steal
from your opponent and you successfully match the character color,
you get to steal those cards AND you get to take another turn. As long
as you successfully match the character color during a steal, you can
keep taking turns.

GAME DESIGNED BY
KEN GRUHL AND JEREMY POSNER

2-6 PLAYERS 
10 MIN 
105 cards: (7 colors, 15 of each color)
